# Team Project Meeting (21st September 2023)

### Present:
- Jack
- Calum
- Mitchell
- Anna

### Apologies:
- Leanne
- Mark

### Minutes:
- Jack

---

### What we discussed
- Potential project ideas
- Interest areas of team members
- When, where and how to have meetings
- How to produce documentation

---

### What we decided

- More exploration is required to decide on a project.
- Some of the team are interested in input/output applications.
- To have a project chosen and set out by the end of October.
- Meetings will take place on Thursdays in A10 or remotely through Discord or Webex. More meetings may be needed later as the project accelerates.
- Calum will demo using Github markdown for documentation at the next meeting.
- Everyone will come up with some project ideas they would be interested in creating.
- Research
     - Cheap sensors for input / output.
     - Gesture / Touch.
     - Should the project be a web-app, desktop-app or..? 

---

### Actions
| Person | Action | Action By |
| --- | --- | --- |
| All | Research project ideas | 28/09/2023 |
| All | Settle on a project idea by the end of October | 26/10/2023 |
| All | List any Sensors, Arduinos, Raspberry Pi's you own that you are happy to use | 28/09/2023 |
| Calum | Prepare examples / demo of github markdown | 28/09/2023 |
| Jack | Invite Leanne to the discord server | 28/09/2023 |
| Mitchell | Research web application (frameworks, APIs, etc) | 28/09/2023 |

---

### Date of next meeting (28th September 2023)
- Discuss project ideas.
- Decide on method of creating documentation.
- Discuss required deliverables and what development methodology we would like to use (Waterfall, Agile, ?)

### Any other business
n/a

### Other notes
Keep a note of sources as these will be useful for your first assignment.